Crypto Folder/stuf/stuf-i-made/from-fetlife_for-posting-on-literotica.txt
Last modified: Tue Oct 27, 2020  02:20PM


* Note: I originally pulled ANYTHING from fetlife that might have some
relevance for going on literotica. But I've stripped out everything that
is inappropriate, leaving (with much now posted on literotica) just
a couple of stories, that you would have to revise to post on Lit.
	* Note also that 'splitting wood' is still viable, but it's in
a draft in it's own file.



With Interest
* This is pretty hot and COULD be posted. I don't love that it's
first-person. But I do like the way it ends.

Erotica | 3 Comments | over 4 years ago

I had been chatting with this girl on OK Cupid, It wasn't anything
special, just casual chatting, no magic spark or anything. It's not
like I felt like I had met my soul mate or thought this was a person
that should cause a major upheaval in my lifestyle or anything. We
talked about how I had a girlfriend and she had an occasional
boyfriend.

But she was really cute, and African-American (through no fault of my
own I had never even casually fooled around with anyone except white
girls. I always felt like I needed to integrate some affirmative
action into my dating prerogatives.) But we seemed to get along pretty
well chatting. Some people that is just easy with, you know? (And with
others it is awkward, and the conversation has lots of trips and
gaps.) We had been chatting for about a week, with the occasional
fairly suggestive (ok - outright pornographic) comment thrown in. So
during the day one day she messages me on OK Cupid and asks if I would
like to meet up for a drink that night. And despite the fact that I
had been seeing Elaine for like 2 years at that point, I figured, why
not? It's just drinks, maybe I'll make a friend. And you never know
which friends of yours might turn into future lovers, right?

So I agreed to meet her at a bar on the Lower East Side. And it was a
really good time. The bar was one of her favorite local bars, and one
of the few left in Manhattan that was like the good old days of NYC.
It was a small bar attended mostly by locals, and they had free
popcorn and a really good 2-for-1 deal for happy hour. So I bought us
a round of drinks. And the bartender noted that I got a second round
free, and gave me tokens for the second round.

She was really cute I say, very dark skin, big full lips, small perky tits,
and a firm body with nice curves. She was one of those girls who
enjoyed her time at the gym, and it showed. She had piles of long thin
braided extensions in her hair, which was a look that really
complemented her pretty face.

We started in on our drinks, and started in on our talking. She was
really easy to talk to, even though we didn't really seem to have many
common interests. I don't know why that happens. It's easy to talk to
someone about things you both know or care about, but some people you
just click with and it seems like you can talk about anything, and
it's not like it's something incredibly special or meaningful, it just
makes you feel comfortable. I suspect she felt that way too. I told
her about bicycles, and she said she wasn't sure she even could ride a
bike. And she told me about her family from Nigeria and growing up in
New Jersey - that immigrant experience which is so common in
NYC, but not something I experienced personally.

Eventually we finished our first beers, and I turned in the tokens for
seconds. But (and I think this is because neither of us had really
eaten anything except popcorn) we were already pretty buzzed. We were
sitting in the back of the bar where it was dark and cool. Pretty
close, next to each other in a small curved booth. Our legs had been
touching for a long time. Somewhere during our second beers I found
myself staring pretty intently at her, and she at me. And then we
started making out. Which I guess normally I would feel a little
embarrassed about in a bar, but it felt pretty private in the back
there, and in NYC nobody cares anyway. She was a good kisser, and we
kissed for quite a while. I would slide my hands over her belly, and
she would slip her hand up my leg.

And then she whispers in my ear, "I'm very very attracted to you right
now." She asks me to come back to her apartment, which is just a
couple of blocks away. I say yes.

So I follow her back to her apartment, realizing that I am more drunk
than in probably good for me. As soon as we walk in the door, she is
kissing me, and we are walking/stumbling (her backwards) towards her
couch in her tiny apartment that she lived alone in. We start making
out on the couch, her sitting, and I'm sort of kneeling on the floor,
her legs are spread around me, and I'm grinding my throbbing cock
against her. I slip her blouse off, and kiss her tits, which are
beautiful, small, and very perky.

I lean back, so I'm on my knees in front of her (it was a pretty low
couch) and she puts her hand on my crotch and feels my hard on while
she's looking up at me. And she says, "I want to suck your cock."
Before I can even think about it, she has my fly undone, and she has
my cock out, stroking it's rock hard white pole in her soft dark hand.
She leans over and takes it into her mouth. And let me tell you, it is
the softest, sweetest, most perfect mouth I have ever had my cock in.
She starts sucking slowly, sliding her lips up and down my cock, and I
was so horny from making out with her for so long in the bar, it felt
amazing. I would slip my fingers through her braids and watch her
suck, and if I could, I would have let her suck my cock for an hour.
But I couldn't hold back at all! In just a minute or so I feel myself
cumming, and there is nothing I can do about it. I push her back, and
my cock explodes, just massive amounts of cum spilling all over her
lips, her neck, and her tits. All hot and white on her beautiful
smooth dark skin.

And then of course with my cum all over her tits, instead of in my
balls, I felt really guilty. There was no rationalizing this, I was
purely cheating on my lady at this point. I apologized profusely, but I
told her I had to go. And she said she understood. Which was really very
sweet of her.

And I left.

And I always felt really bad about that actually. I feel like I owe her
to this day. She gave me one of the best blowjobs I ever had,
and what did I give her? Nothing. I want to lick her pussy so badly,
both to pay her back and show her that I can lick pussy as well as she
can suck cock. And then I want to fuck her silly, to pay back the
interest on that blowjob. I want to make her cum over and over again
so she doesn't for another second think that it was a mistake to suck
me off. It's a little funny to me that I feel bad about how I
handled my incidence of cheating. It ended up being very selfish of
me. Once I had gone as far as seriously making out with her, I should
have gone all the way. It's not like whoever my current girlfriend is
is the only person in the world with desires or feelings. I was
responsible for my night of indiscretion and I handled it poorly.

We still chat occasionally. But not often. Someday though. I will make
things even.



A Permanent Sad Fantasy
* I don't know if I could post this, too close to real life stuff
that stings a bit/might impact people I care about and is painfully
first-person. But it's got the length and some compelling features.

Erotica | over 4 years ago

I'm going upstate to this weekend, or maybe next, to get my
motorcycle. It's been in my friend's garage for the last three years.

I've been texting my friend who lives there. I think I
have convinced her to go for a motorcycle ride with me when I get
there. I've wanted to fuck this girl from the first moment time my
eyes laid upon her.

I'm not just saying that, I remember it distinctly, when I lived there.
I rode my bicycle past the coffee shop and I saw her and wondered to
myself: who is that hot new girl in there? Later that day I went in, and
since my friend was working at the coffee shop too, I was introduced
to her. She was wearing red pants, that made me, almost involuntarily,
and extremely inappropriately, imagine bending her over and fucking
her from behind. Her ass just looked so good in those red pants. I
remember it clearly. She is pale, and her hair is dyed black and cut
into a cute bob. You might guess from that that she swings towards the
goth, and you would be right. So much the better. Her teeth are slightly
snaggle-toothed - in a way that's really cute, and makes you wonder what
her blowjobs are like.

But the best thing about her, the thing that absolutely destroys
weak-willed unpopular boys like me, is her overwhelming charisma. She
is one who has figured out this magic trick of using charisma to hide
her sadness, and she puts it to use in a way that, were she so inclined,
she could form an army of boys to do her bidding. Nerdy boys, who
like role-playing and Tim Burton, sure, but an army I say. Still, the
charisma comes mostly from being genuinely funny, and having the cutest
mannerisms you could imagine. She is the type that squeaks a little bit.
Some would undoubtedly find it annoying, but I was a total and complete
sucker for it.

We got to be pretty good friends actually. I started calling her
my fake-girlfriend, because she had a boyfriend at the time. (Who,
admittedly, was devastatingly cute and a totally sweetheart.) I still
wanted to fuck her, but I put it aside. And after a few years of that, I
moved to New York City.

This weekend, I will return to that upstate town, and I will take her
out on my motorcycle. I will feel her legs pressed against me, and
her arms wrapped around me, holding on for dear life. We will go at
twilight, and I will take her to out to the edge of town and up the road
to where the high waterfall is. There's an overlook up there, when you
can sit and look down on the waterfall, and imagine that you are in some
kind of sacred space.

There I will kiss her, slowly and deeply. And I'll pull her into my
lap, and when I slide my hand between her legs, I will tell her how
I've wanted her for so many years. And she'll feel my already hard
cock pressing against her. I'll take her hand and walk her out into
the woods, and find a big tree to push her up against. As I undo her
pants, I'll suck her earlobe, and pull it between my teeth. I'll slide
her pants down and get on my knees, and bury my face in her sweet
pussy. And there, I will lick her, suck her, and finger her until she
cums all over my face. I want to make her cum until she moans out loud
and embarrasses herself.

And with her pussy soaking wet, I'll turn her around, and finally,
finally, get to slide my cock into her, fuck her from behind, slap
that awesomely defined ass. I'll hold her hips, and slide my cock in
and out of her, but I won't be able to last very long. I'll be so
horny at that point, and she is so hot. I'm sure she squeaks when she
gets fucked too.

She once asked me about my cock. Literally, she said, "do you have a
big cock? I love big cocks." And she will find out, and she will cum
on me. And when I'm about to cum, I'll pull my dick out and spray my
hot jizz all over her ass, and watch it run down, over, and slide down
the back of her legs. I'll slide my hand up the back of her legs and
slip it through my cum and press my fingers back into her pussy. I'll
finger fuck her for just a second and then give it to her lips, and
let her lick my cum and her pussy taste off my fingers.

We'll pull our pants up, and I'll take her home to her house. We'll
take a shower together, and I will run my soapy hands over her perfect
little tits, down her back, over her ass, and slide my hands up under
the curve of her ass, and pull her against me. I'll kiss her with the
hot water running down between us, and just when she's being soft and
delicate, I will slide a soapy finger up her ass. My cock will be hard
again, feeling her against me, and she will go to her knees this time,
and suck me gently, with water pouring down her face, she'll barely be
able to breath, but my fingers will push through her hair and I'll
make her suck all of my cock down her throat.

We'll get out of the shower, and she'll be warm and dry, except her
pussy will be soaking wet from loving sucking my cock so much. I'll
push her back on her bed, and I will slide into her. And then I will
fuck her for hours. Slowly, grinding away, my cock pushing in and out
of her as I look her in her eyes. I will keep it so slow, and so
steady for so long, occasionally grinding up against her clit, but
mostly just loving the feeling of her hot cunt wrapped around me.
She'll feel my dick throb in her, and she'll know I love it. I'll fuck
her on top, her legs wrapped around me, and I'll turn her over and
fuck her from behind, still on top, squeezing her neck in my hand
(she'll love that) as my cock fills her up, her ass pressed against my
abdomen. And I'll fuck her on her knees, and I'll fuck her over the
bed. But it's going to be slow, and it's going to go on until
daylight, and my dick is aching, and her pussy is sore.

I just want to own her for as long as I possibly can.

The sad thing is this is all just a fantasy. It's unlikely to happen.
She probably has a boyfriend (again) who she wouldn't betray with one
night of passion, even though she and I will always be friends and
whoever the guy is now will probably come and go.

But right at this very moment, while there is still the possibility of
it, that is the hottest thing in the world. I wish I could always just
have that possibility, just out of reach, that every great once in a
while comes true. And those true moments are the great ones, the ones
that I remember for the rest of my life. I have to do my best to make
sure they are worth it, and that I make the most of them.

Though the more likely scenario is the possibility will pass without a
whisper, and it will just become a permanent sad fantasy.








