./listen-to-the-music.txt
Last modified: Mon Sep 21, 2020  12:56PM

# Listen to the music
* Note this was originally posted on fetlife as "A story for YOU"

Here she comes, walking towards me, calling my name through the crowd.  She's wearing jeans that cut under the curve of her perfect ass, and a blouse that is see-through enough that I can see the new tattoos running up her side.

This girl was made of the stuff that haunts my fantasies. Mostly because I know she is capable of. Though I have not learned what she is capable of from anything that has happened between the two of us. For some reason our relationship never seemed to be able to tap her deep vein of experience. Our interactions had remained in the realm of exchanged pleasantries, and the occasional flirt. But A huge chunk of her life she led without ever exposing me to it. Which, somehow, was nothing but a turn on to me.

Don't get me wrong. I like this thing I have with her, mostly innocent as it may be. Our world together was going to concerts, eating pleasant dinners, and the occasional smooch on the cheek. All the crazy kinky sex, the intense athletic training, the cattle-prods, tattoo sessions, blood, rope play, domination and subordination were things she kept in her other world. She told me about them, but in a way that made it feel like I only ever stood on the shore of a glacially carved lake, miles deep, with her waters lapping at my feet. And when I tried to gaze on her experience all I ever saw was my own reflection.

How could she be such a genuinely sweet person, so innocent in many ways, and in other way that I only heard stories about, the most depraved and licentious woman I had ever met?

Once as we walked in the city past girls tottering towards the clubs, in heels the same length as their skirts, she said to me, "I have decided not to judge people like that any more." I thought it was so cute and noble at the same time. When I looked at her, I wanted to slam her up against the nearest wall and put my hand between her legs.

In my world she was the nice girl next door. But I knew in another world she was the whore in the bedroom. I wanted to twist her up, peel her back, and squeeze out the whorey juice.

On this night, we go to a piano recital in Carnegie Hall. By the end of the first piece, my head is filled with nothing but images of things I want to do to her. It makes my head warm, and my cock hard. The music fades into the background and my mind wanders off into fantasy. Well, wanders off in one way, and in another is totally and completely focused on the woman sitting warmly in the seat next to me.

I think about finding a nearby park and making out with her there (what's a more traditional NYC activity than that?) I want her to sit in my lap somewhere in the shadows of this public place, while I kiss her neck, and slide my hand down the front of her tight jeans. I want to hold her shaved pussy in my hand while I arc my head back to to kiss her, and rub her until she soaking wet but begging me to stop because she doesn't think it's right.

Music spurs creativity, so by the second or third piece I find my mind working hotly on a plan to achieve my fantasy. And my plan is this: I'll pay her. She shouldn't be able to refuse really. Or if she does, I'll stuff the bills in her hand and tell her she doesn't have to actually fuck me, just let me cum on her. If that can't unpeel her, I don't know what could.

I'll take her home and tell her to strip for me. I want to see her hot, skinny perfectly-sculpted athlete's body doing everything I tell her to. I'll tell her to kneel, I'll tell her to lean back. I'll tell her to touch herself, as I unzip my pants and pull out my already rock hard cock. I'll watch her finger herself as I stroke it, and imagine fucking her wet little cunt.

I'll tell her to lay back, so I can see her perky little tits rising and falling with her moaning. I'll stroke my cock and aim it at her, but instead of cumming, I'll piss a warm, hot stream all over her tits.  She'll love it, because she is so dirty just like that. It will make her cum against her fingers. And watching her cum will make me cum. I'll cum all over her face, let my cum slide down her nose and cheek and her mouth. I'll cover her neck in cum and watch it slide down her tits.

And I will say, "See? You are totally innocent, I didn't even touch you."

By the fourth or fifth piece, I'm adjusting myself in the seat, trying to ease the angle throbbing in my pants. I lean over and whisper in her ear, "I want to fuck you." 

She whispers back to me, "I know, that's why I like asking you to come out with me. But let me say this only once tonight: you are not allowed to touch me."

"That's OK" I say, and I think maybe I should pay attention to the music after all.




